hey guys welcome back to another star
wars saga Ruby today I'm going to be
giving you a look at a figure from big
30th anniversary hell own wave to just
go here and made up and it comes off a
then put in just click that he stands on
from first bite Ben Kenobi vs. Darth
Vader
you're a nice feather I'm gonna scale of
one to ten good from a nine
comes with a lightsaber the blade is not
removable from the hilt just good brain
good
so yeah just give you a look this
packaging oh I'm sorry I forgot to do
beyond circulation
I took the edge from ice so Nick pull
hands shoulders elbows and swivel rests
swivel waist swivel hips pull hands
knees and ankles he's a packaging
I read you vivec Darth Vader has waited
many years to confront his former master
but everyone has one must listen for his
former Padawan the forced trend 26 time
and space as Vader witnesses everyone
become one with the force
his victory is bittersweet for he is
deplete of the satisfaction of stinking
Obi's lifeless body and his fate
just give you one look at my finger yeah
you enjoy that bet more telling than for
smoking